feat(utils): add upload logic (#66)
flowup/quality-metrics-cli: packages/cli/README.md

# @code-pushup/cli

**TODO:**

> - if the `exec` is not working run `--configPath=./packages/cli/code-pushup.config.ts`

Reviewer: I guess this was supposed to be:

```suggestion
- if the `exec` is not working run `npx clear-npx-cache`
```
